foreign
[Music]
environment of prowling enemies and a
harsh economic conditions the weak looks
into how his coronation comes with the
crown of thorns our cow story this week
talks about how the next two months are
big for Dr satarta Mukherjee
Pulitzer winning author oncologist and
entrepreneur has highly anticipated book
the song of the cell an exploration of
medicine and the new human will be out
in India this week
he will soon be in Bengaluru to assess
the results of clinical trials by immune
a company co-founded by him that is
conducting cutting-edge Research into
finding a cure for cancer mukhoji tells
the week that his war on cancer has many
fronts professional intellectual and
emotional
the package also has an exclusive
interview with Siddhartha Mukherjee
where he says we are creeping towards
soft immortality do take a look at our
special report on how guarding the line
of actual control is taking a physical
and mental toll on the indo-tibetan
border police Personnel we also have an
interview with president of all India
Football Federation Kalyan chaupe where
he talks about exploring the possibility
of hosting a World Cup and finally in
Indonesia we have actor director rishabh
Shetty on why his kannada film kantara
has taken the World by storm
that was weak in 60 Seconds
[Music]